you are watching Adorama TV
welcome to Adorama TV I'm Mark Wallace
well let's take a look at a new iPad app
called Noir it allows you to add
vignettes and do some color processing
to your images so without further ado
let's look at new our Noir is an
application that allows you to add
vignettes and color tones to your image
so when you open it it opens with the
last image that you are working on and
so this is a picture of downtown Phoenix
so what I can do is there's this icon
right here and that allows you to open
the photo library one of the glitches
though is that if you're working
horizontally the photos open vertically
so hopefully they'll fix that in the
future so I'm going to go in here to my
camera roll and I'm going to scroll up
and grab a photo of my friend Craig
because I sort of like to pick on them
so what we can do here is once we get a
photo in we can use any one of these
presets so I'm just going to choose one
of these presets here and what it does
is it puts a vignette and a color tone
and if I click I can adjust where the
vignette is being placed on the image I
can move it around I can make it larger
or smaller and I can always sort of skew
this around it's really nice so I've got
these control points here so I can do
that the other thing I can do here is I
can use one of the built-in presets and
so these are on the left hand side so
here's sort of a gradient from left to
right it looks pretty cool I can do a
gradient horizontally so it's darker and
brighter I can put a vignette right in
the middle a larger vignette a different
tone one to the right I can always move
that if I want to and then just a basic
vignette now the nice thing about this
these are all customizable and so I can
go in here this top dial right here
changes the exposure I mean the contrast
so less contrast a lot more contrast
I'll put it somewhere in the middle
there this right here is for the inner
glow so a lot more glow less glow and
this right here will adjust the vignette
on the outside so it's the outside the
inside and the overall contrast the
other thing you can do with this is you
can choose different colors so here's
more of a sepia there's more black and
white we've got a blue
and then we've got this greenish tone
which is really nice and then once you
have something that you like then you
can push this top button right here and
that allows you to save your image and
that will save it to your photo library
and then allow you to choose another
photo to work on so it's a very basic
application if you get lost I don't
think you will but there's this little
button right here and it gives you all
the instructions that you need to do
some really cool images like this one
that I just created of my friend Craig
well that's new or a really cool
application now remember if you want to
see more iPad applications zip over to
the Adorama Learning Center all of the
apps that we've reviewed are there for
you to look at or if you have a
suggestion for an app that you'd like us
to review send me a note that ask mark
and adorama.com
this episode is brought to you by
Adorama TV visit the Adorama Learning
Center where you'll find photography
tips and techniques links to the gear
used in this episode and related videos
for all the latest photography video and
computer gear visit adorama.com and the
next time you're in New York City visit
our store located on 18th Street between
fifth and sixth Avenue